The new ebx format differs in several ways from the previous format.
First of all, note that the fb2 magic still remains even though it's supposedly Frostbite 3.
 
The previous header had 11 ints (excluding the magic) and two 16 byte guids,
one being the file guid and one the guid of the primary instance.
 
The new header has a mixture of shorts and ints and the primary instance guid is removed.
The very first instance to appear in the payload is the primary instance (in bf3 this was not
the case; the instances were sorted alphabetically).
 
Header:
        aaaaaaaa  bbbbbbbb  cccccccc  dddddddd
        eeee ffff gggg hhhh iiii jjjj kkkkkkkk
        llllllll  mmmmmmmm  nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
        nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn    oooooooooooooooo
       
        a: fb2 magic (0fb2d1ce or ced1b20f depending on endianness)
        b: Absolute offset of string section start (same as previous format)
        c: Length from string section start to EOF (same as previous format)
        d: Number of external GUIDs (same as previous format)
        e: Number of instance repeaters
        f: Number of instance repeaters with GUIDs
        g: Unknown (value between 1 and the number of instance repeaters)
        h: Number of complexes
        i: Number of fields
        j: Size of keyword section
        k: Size of string section
        l: Number of array repeaters
        m: Size of payload section (excluding array and string section)
        n: File guid, 16 bytes
        o: Padding, 8 nulls
       
        As for the instance repeaters with GUIDs:
                While going through the instance repeaters to read the instances,
                the first few instance repeaters in the payload have GUIDs.
                Once the number of instance repeaters with GUIDs is exhausted, all
                subsequent instance repeaters simply have no GUID. The payload is not affected
                by this. I use an index to tell the instances without GUID apart.
 
Field descriptors:
        Have not necessarily changed. Previously I read the offset and secondaryOffset as unsigned ints.
        However, occasionally numbers like -2 or -1 appear. These are used for the enum field type only.
        The crucial part is to read this the same way as the enum field type. I've changed both to signed ints,
        but keeping both as unsigned ints (i.e. changing nothing at all) works just as well.
       
        A major change is that $ fields have their offset set to 8 while it should be 0.
        I adjust this directly while reading the descriptor but I suppose one could do it later too:
                if self.name=="$": self.offset-=8
       
        For some sizes of the complexes within $ fields, one must subtract 8 too. I don't know
        the exact system, but as I do not require these sizes to parse the files, this is not essential.
 
Instance repeaters:
        Used to have three ints, now they are two shorts:
                2bytes complexIndex
                2bytes repetitions
 
Instance alignment:
        When reading instances, obey the alignment. Before reading the GUID of an instance (or going
        straight into the payload for non-GUID instances), peek at the alignment of the complex
        and move the cursor to the closest multiple of the alignment.
       
        It is not necessary to align complexes within instances as the field offsets always
        give the correct position already. However, doing so is not harmful either.
       
        Instances with alignment=4 require additional handling:
                Subtract 8 from the offsets of all fields contained directly in such instances.
                Also subtract 8 from the size of the instance.
                Note, this subtraction is only required for the instance level; do not subtract
                8 from complexes/fields deep in the instance.
 
Field types:
        The string type (0x407d and 0x409d) can have a negative value:
                Read the 4bytes payload as a signed integer. If the integer is -1, return empty string.
                Apart from that, it's the same as before.
       
        Type 0x417d has its payload size reduced from 24 bytes to 8 bytes.
 
File names:
        In bf3 there was a field called Name located in the primary instance of every ebx file.
        In particular, this name had proper capitalization whereas the sbtoc archives contain names in lowercase only.
        In bf4, most fx files do not have a Name field anymore, so it is necessary to use the sbtoc names.